although he came back through the same story
they are just did it
he did not really
and now the Lord done tell of
That makes me very happy
he knows that they continue to despise me
He knows that they are not giving me my place
and he does
he is a boy who does not stop fans
I'm reaching the top of the mountain by sacrifice by camila llama
giving away portillo
I believe that I have to work
you try to dominate them because of their experience
crown ricky carioti belly age you know I work hard
percent
puerto rico has been
accomplice and enabled a decrease in the history museum know that I have
worked hard in the gym
and they know that in order to win I was going to want to stay 350 and vapor that I am the
concert
and if that country makes me different
confident in my work
and 16%
kelvin pt little
burden the right to
but I'm not going to let it pass more than the attempt
because I'm going to return with my title to my house I think my baby to be able
go alone good gift sum
and I decided the piquillo look
nothing more than I wanted to fight him
then this fight
one year and the start of service
I think this fight is favorable for me
balpa do
it was processed that I'm taking
it is a preparation
ricky been stronger
then we are going to make a smart fight
for that reason it is that
and I'll tell you who the king is